# Ethics in Tech


In the Workplace :: [The Code I'm Still Ashamed Of](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/the-code-im-still-ashamed-of-e4c021dff55e/)\
This was an interesting read. The article details an individual who has to build some code in the form of a quiz for a pharma company. The problem is that every results to the quiz ends up being to provide "general information" about a new drug they're producing (unless the user indicates an allergy or they're already using it). The developer thought nothing of it until they received a news report regarding a young girl who'd taken the drug, and due to the side effects, committed suicide.  I've always been told that you choose your career, but you don't choose your work, and in a way that rings true in this article. I feel for the author, because at first glance, it looks like there's nothing wrong with the assignment. The question is, when you have bills to pay and health insurance often relies on having a job, how do you stand up again such projects when you don't want to risk current employment? 

In Technology :: [Self Driving Car Ethics](https://www.freep.com/story/money/cars/2017/11/21/self-driving-cars-ethics/804805001/) \
I find the concept of autonomous vehicles fascinating. I am also very much against them for many of the situations stated in this article. Apparently the research shows that they have the potential of saving 10,000 people a year. But is that on the condition that everyone has one, or only a few people? What about the cost factor? Companies that are researching these vehicles already are outputting product with high prices, so if they're the first ones to achieve broad success, what happens when their product fails? Clearly only people with means can afford these cars, so are they going to be held responsible when their newly acquired self-driving car malfunctions and hits a child? Or is the family of the child out of luck because the system is rigged to begin with. There are too many no-win situations to feel comfortable about such product. 
